Add warning about schema change (#507)
akka/akka-projection: docs/src/main/paradox/jdbc.md

The schema can be created using the method `JdbcProjection.createOffsetTableIfNotExists`. This is particularly useful when writting tests. For production enviornments, we recommend creating the schema before deploying the application.

@@@ warning { title=Important }

> As of version 1.0.1, the schema for PostgresSQL have changed. It now defaults to lowercase un-quoted table and column names. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 1.0.1, the schema for PostgreSQL has changed. It now defaults to lowercase un-quoted table and column names. 
```
